Include "Linux" in Firefox for Android's platform token (#33127)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/user-agent/firefox/index.md

| Phone       | Mozilla/5.0 (Android 4.4; Mobile; rv:41.0) Gecko/41.0 Firefox/41.0 |
| Tablet      | Mozilla/5.0 (Android 4.4; Tablet; rv:41.0) Gecko/41.0 Firefox/41.0 |

## Android (version 126 and above)

> Beginning in version 126, Firefox for Android will include "Linux" as part of the _platform_ token.

Reviewer: Let's use the present. (In a few weeks the future will be incorrect).
```suggestion
Beginning in version 126, Firefox for Android includes `Linux` as part of the _platform_ token.
```
